React NAtive Lazy:
1. install java jdk
2. INstall node.js
3. install python2 ?? dont know.
4. install android studio.
   - I have to change the android sdk directory to E:/ from sdk manger in order to give ample space for new sdk packages to download.
   - I uninstalled from windows system android old sdk packages.
5. Install react native CLI
   npm install -g react-native cli
6. Genarate new react native project by using react native cli.
   react-native init albums
7.eslint:
  - Tried to use android studio as react-native editor but it does not support js files
   Therefore I choose intelliJ.
  - downloaded eslint seperate from internet.
  - intellij->settings->plugin I choose install plugin localy from saved file. Restarted intellij.
  - Then ran following command in window cmd terminal: E/reactnative/albums( this is my project)
    npm install --save-dev eslint-config-rallyconding
    - I had to close all AVD and Android studio and twice ran the above command.
  - To let RN project use eslint we have to create .eslintrc file in project foldr. #this needs in every project that we create in the future.

7' - Install Redux and react-reduc library in the newly created rpoject directory.
     npm install --save react-redux redux
      - Sometimes error 4058 occurs, Solution is rerun the above command

7''- Go and ccreate some cboiler plate files and code like, src directory, App.js file and index.js file.

8. Start andoid studio , avd manger and launch android simultor.
8'. IMPORTANT:
    -  Open react native project- android file in android studio.
       IMPORTANT : We need to repeat above for every new project created in react native so that gradle is created.

    - First Time run the missing files for SDK
     - Then enter Java environment variable and path in windows system
             
9. From react native cli , project directory run project that will put the js program output to the android simulator.
   After you develop a program Run following command:
   
   react-native run-android

9'. Firebase:
    -install firebase from project directory
      : npm intall --save firebase
    - Go to console.firebase.google - create new project- enable email signup- copy web authentication key and
      paste in App.js component.

    - ERROR: -4048 for above command
      Solution: disable antivirus and windows defender

10. Cannot get import {Component} library recognized in intellij
    Run in project directory following command and the restart the intellij project. 03361680786/ warid 03406056752
    npm install @types/react --save

11. 'unable to connect with remote debugger'
    go to control-m-> Dev settings-> Debug serverhost... and enter 
    localhost:8081

12. Error on simulator when remote js debug is active
    "Cannot add a child that doesn't have YogaNode to a parent without a measure function "
    Closed chrome window and restarted .    
    Solved: After removing some comments in component sections.

13. After creating new project in react-native grtting error when running 
react-native run-android

" execution failed for task ' transformclasseswithdexfordebug' ....."

solution: in project/android directory run gadlew clean command
then run project again 

14. Library list exercise:
    action creator does not dispatch my payload to the redux-reducer while it was receiving it. seen in console.log.
    Solution: payload property in my action creator is defined with '' where as it should be without ''
15. Still Redux not receiving selection state hence the list not expanding.
    Solution: Type in action cretor and the selection reducer does not MATCHING!!
               it was library_list in AC and library-list in Reducer.....
16. getting error on simulator after changing dev setting for remote debugging.
    " unable to load script from assets index.android.bundle "
Solution: I corrected dev setting from localhost:8080  to localhost:8081

17. Error on simulator "(0, reactNative.connect) is not function"
    SOlution: mistyped 'react-native' instead of 'react-redux' in import {connect} statement.

18.:cannot read property bind of undefined.
Solution : I typed "{this.onEmailChange().bind(this)}" instead of
                    {this.onEmailChange.bind(this)}

19. After statrting implementing react-native-router-flux for navigation application I get following error in nodejs console:
    
    unable to resolve module `react/lib/reactcomponentwithpurerendermixin react-native-router-flux
    npm WARN react-addons-pure-render-mixin@15.0.2 requires a peer of react@^15.0.2 ...

   Solution: I did new install of react and flux as below:
             npm intall --save react
              npm install --save react-native-router-flux

20. Github reports Security vulnaribility in package-lock.json file
     solution : update hoek package as
                npm i hoek
               Then commit and send to github
